Performance Testiing

We've prepared two large test files for you to conduct some performance testing of your system.

1. The first input file containing 10,000 encoded fictitious passport records scanned from MRTD, here: records_encoded.json Download records_encoded.json. 
Each line of the input file contains both lines of a fictitious record corresponding to the OCR two lines in Figure 1, separated by a semicolon.  
Your task is to measure the execution times to process the first 100 records, the first 1000 records, …, and the first n thousand records for n running
from 1 to 10.

2. The second input file contains 10,000 decoded records, here: records_decoded.json.  Download records_decoded.json.Each block contains the information 
of the issuing country, last name, given name, passport number, country code, birth date, sex, expiration date, and personal number that are needed to
generate the records to appear on the MRTD.

These two files could serve as the input to your decode and encode functions to measure its performance with different input sizes.

3. You will use the Python timing libraries described, for example, here, https://realpython.com/python-timer/ Links to an external site.to measure how
long your program takes to run without test cases and with test cases.

For each of the three scenarios described above, write a program to execute the program you developed in Part 2 to measure the execution times to process
the first k records of the file for k=100 and k=1000 to 10000 step 1000. Write the execution times to a csv file with the following columns:
1. Number of lines read from the beginning of the file,
2. Execution time without tests
3. Execution time with unit tests assertions in place

You should use abbreviated column headings that are unambiguous and easy to understand. Hint: in what order will you do these runs? 
1. Using Excel, Google Sheets, or otherwise, plot the data in the CSV file with the number of lines read from the beginning of the file on the X axis
   and the remaining three columns as separate curves on the Y axis. Be sure to label  your axes and supply a legend for the curves.
2. Paste your plot into a doc file. Write one or two paragraphs explaining your results. In particular, what is the effect of testing on execution time?
 

What to deliver for Part 3:

1. A pdf file report containing the plot of your results along with your 1-2 paragraphs of explanation. In addition, you need to provide two links to
   your source code and raw data:
  A) The url to the repo of your project, please specify which source file(s) you create to run your experiment and collect your measurements
  B) Please attach the url to the Excel file with the measurements you generated, or, if you used some other tool to generate the plots, the csv file
     and the Python,  R, or other scripts you used to generate the plot or a link to the Google sheets file you used to generate the plots. Note: if you send a link, please be sure that it is within the Stevens google drive.
